Update CHANGELOG.md for syscall dispatching/tcb elimination. (#3770)
openenclave/openenclave: CHANGELOG.md

     - Enclave apps that are built with Make and rely on Open Enclave's pkgconfig must now explicitly include OE crypto wrapper library in linker dependency flags.
     - See the [Makefile in the helloworld sample](samples/helloworld/enclave/Makefile#L34) for an example. Here `OE_CRYPTO_LIB` is set to `mbedtls` in [parent MakeList file](samples/helloworld/Makefile#L9).

### Changed

> - Syscalls are internally dispatched directly to their implementation functions instead of via a switch-case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Syscalls are internally dispatched directly to their function implementations instead of via a switch-case.
```

Author: `implementation function` is a more common usage than `function implementation`. Retaining existing wording.

>   This allows the linker to eliminate code for syscalls that are not used leading to slightly reduced TCB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This allows the linker to eliminate unused syscalls, leading to slightly reduced TCB.
```
